(upbeat music)
[Villager] Hey stop!
(chuckles)
That was way too easy.
Just as I thought,
I knew that you'd end up here.
Awesome job, Shikadai.
Seriously you were totally right
to ambush this guy right here.
Damn it are you guys
messing with me?
(woman shrieks)
It looks like I hadn't
run out of luck just yet.
(gentle upbeat music)
Just back off!
Any of you guys take one step
toward me and she's dead.
Not good the moon's
light's been blocked.
Inojin, use Mind Transfer.
Huh?
But I haven't been
able to do it right before.
And if I mess up, her
life's gonna be in danger.
Inojin.
Okay.
I said get back.
Go on get outta here!
Now's my chance.
I can't move.
Time to give it up.
Everything's gonna be okay now.
All right, we're done here.
(opening theme music)
[Boruto] I heard you
guys totally nailed
your mission yesterday.
Sure did.
Shikadai predicted the
date and time, right?
He even guessed the
escape route didn't he?
Yeah, that's right.
To be honest, there was a minor
incident during the mission.
But Shikadai was able
to take care of it,
just like that.
If it weren't for
Shikadai's does help,
I don't think we
would have been able
to resolve it so quickly.
This may sound weird,
but Shikadai's manliness
has increased about
1.5 times recently.
That's oddly specific.
It's like they say carrying
the weight of responsibility,
really does make
someone more mature.
Yeah that's exactly it.
Inojin?
What is it?
If you aren't going to eat that,
then can I have it?
Oh yeah, I guess so.
Great. Thanks.
They're cold.
If you weren't going to eat
it, you should have given
it to me while it was still
fresh and hot.
I was planning to eat it myself.
But after I ate that burger.
Besides, you know
what's going to happen
if you keep eating so much.
So what? My dad
says I'm awesome,
no matter what anyway.
I can't even believe
you right now.
Hey Inojin is something wrong?
Huh? Why'd you ask?
Why else? Because you didn't
eat any of your fries.
Like I already told you,
I just got full from
the burger that's all.
And there's another thing too.
You didn't even call
me Chubs back there.
Oh, Oh, I didn't huh?
Come on now just fess up.
There's something
bothering you isn't there?
You're annoying.
Nothing's going on.
Is it Shikadai?
What's that?
Is what Shikadai?
Well I mean he did make
chunin before we did.
That stuff doesn't bother me.
Okay all right.
You know, lately I've been
doing a lot of thinking,
and I wanna refine the jutsu
that my dad passed down to me.
Just like Shikadai
did with his jutsu.
What's this about?
This doesn't sound like you.
Oh yeah well, you know
how the old saying goes,
a little bit of worrying
makes a girl cuter.
No one says that.
[Newscaster] - It was a
beautiful sunny day today,
in the Hidden Hill Village.
Mom, dad, well umm.
Yes?
What is it Inojin?
Could you help me train my
mind transfer jutsu tomorrow?
What?
Yeah, of course We'll help you.
I'm just glad you're
finally stepping up.
Come on that really hurt.
(bright upbeat music)
So auntie used mind transfer
jutsu on the tanuki?
Is that what happened just now?
Uh-huh mom's mind and spirit,
entered the tanuki's body.
And now it's completely
controlling it.
Okay auntie now hear me out,
it's my day off,
but I'm still going
to help Inojin,
while he's out here doing
this training today.
You sure changed your
mind super quick,
when I told you that I
treat you to a burger.
Come on stop venting to my mom.
Take this seriously.
You need to take it
seriously she said.
What? No she didn't.
Yes I did.
Okay. Now it's your
turn to give it a try.
Ninja art, mind transfer jitsu.
Hey look seems like it worked.
Oh wow.
All right that's enough.
Not bad.
Well it's only a small animal,
so its spirit isn't that strong.
Next steps the real challenge.
Attempt to use the mind
transfer jutsu on Cho-cho.
Okay.
wow they smell so good.
Those potato chips
are calling my name.
Try controlling Cho-Cho,
so that she can't get to
her favorite potato chips,
and eat them.
Got it.
You really think
you'll be able to overcome my
deep love for potato chips.
Let's go on Ninja art,
mind transfer jutsu.
Oh right I got her.
I wanna eat those potato chips,
and I'm gonna you hear me?
Damn it! She kicked
me out so quickly.
Try again.
Mind transfer jutsu.
I wanna eat those potato chips,
and you aren't gonna stop me.
Don't stop yet,
it's too soon to quit Inojin.
Inojin, your willpower's
gotta be stronger,
than your opponent's willpower.
That's the trick to it.
My Will's gotta be strong.
Your will to win,
Has gotta be stronger
than Cho-Cho's will
to get those potato
chips come on.
Potato chips.
I got 'em hahaha.
What! Seriously?
Come on again.
I can't, I'll never get it.
What are you saying?
Training is all about
overcoming your weaknesses.
You don't just
throw in the towel.
Okay? Calm down.
Inojin, want to switch gears,
and try super beast scroll?
Yeah, sure.
Hey don't just barge into this,
I'm still in the middle
of training him here.
He's nowhere near close
to being finished.
Fine but it's no
good overwhelming him
with this willpower talk.
I just don't think he's going
to be able to understand
until you explain
it to him logically.
What? strong willpower's
essential for this jutsu.
Oh right that's not what
I was saying though.
That's enough Just
be quiet would you?
He's the one that came to us
wanting to do this you know,
that's why we need to
be strict about this.
Well, maybe you're right.
Then could you just
stop butting in already?
Inojin this is
kinda bad isn't it?
So I guess that auntie
is really upset, huh?
Yeah but at this point,
it's totally out of our hands.
And What about uncle?
Is he going to blow
a fuse at some point?
I really doubt that'll happen.
It Kinda is your fault,
that they're fighting right now.
So you ought to do
something to stop it right?
Seriously?
Oh man, this is bad.
Mom. dad, please stop this.
Come on, please don't fight
over my training okay?
We're not fighting
about that now.
This is something
between him and me.
Inojin, please just stay back.
No, not, you too dad.
Just get out of the way!
You're gonna have to do
something to stop them.
But what am I
supposed to do? Huh?
What about that?
try using the mind
transfer jutsu,
don't you think?
What, just to stop my
parents from fighting?
I mean, is there
really any other way?
But that's, I mean I couldn't
even get it to work on you.
There's no possible way
that it'll work on mom and dad.
I just can't do it.
It's impossible.
Tell me Inojin how
come you always give up
before you even try?
All right then you ready
to do this or what?
Or are you just going to stand
there looking down on me?
I'm not looking down on you.
I just don't think
this is worth my time.
How dare you say that to me?
Oh boy uncle's Sai
just crossed the line.
This isn't good.
Inojin?
Yeah all right, fine.
Well go on then, hurry up.
Hey. I was just about to do it.
I'm gonna stop my
mom's movements first.
Ninja art, mind transfer Jutsu.
What? You think you can use
mind transfer jutsu on me?
Beat it you're on your league.
She's way too powerful.
I couldn't even make a dent,
in mom's mind and spirit.
Then you just need to
use it on uncle Sai.
But even if I do that,
I'm probably just going to
get beaten up by my mom,
after I use the jutsu on my dad.
Whoever said you have to fight?
Wait What?
Wouldn't a better
solution than fighting,
be making uncle
calm aunt Ino down,
by trying to use nice words,
and actions on her instead?
Like what kind of nice
words and actions?
Oh, well I guess this
might be too difficult
for you Inojin
No, that's not true.
If I can just perform the jutsu
then I'll be able to calm
her down in 10 seconds flat.
Watch I'll handle this.
Mind transfer jutsu.
Go get him.
Inojin?
Hey dad?
I'm gonna leave mom to you.
Sorry, but I give up.
Okay dad, on it.
I'm so sorry.
Begging right off the bat?
Seriously hands and knees huh?
Okay. Fine
Yes! Success.
But before I forgive you,
tell me what you did wrong.
I wanna know that you know
why you're saying sorry.
See, I knew it.
It's so obvious he's just
trying to end the fight,
by saying sorry.
doing that's only made
it worse for himself.
Oh no what do I say?
You know, for uh, everything.
And just what you
mean by everything.
Go on list each thing
you're apologizing for,
one after another.
I can't do this.
Wait a minute.
were you under Inojin's mind
transfer jutsu just now?
You're unbelievable.
Just cause you can't get
things under control,
don't make our kid try
to clean up your mess.
All that I've done
is make things worse.
Oh good grief what
are you doing?
Like I said,
I can't do this okay?
Look, are you serious
about stopping
auntie and uncle's fight,
or aren't you?
I know that you can do this.
You just have to
put your mind to it
and not give up like usual.
Just try it, give it
all that you've got.
I mean, what do you
really have to lose?
If you can just stop
auntie from moving,
with your mind transfer jutsu,
I'll be able to take
care of uncle okay?
What do you mean by that?
Just do it.
[Ino] Well guess again Mister.
-Yeah all right.
-I'm never gonna forgive you.
[Sai] That wasn't my
intent at all I swear.
Mind transfer jutsu.
Guess you've been too busy
to come home for dinner,
'cause you think I'm nagging.
You're really gonna
try this again Inojin?
Come on, go back.
Mind transfer isn't
going to work on me.
No way I can do it.
I need willpower,
stronger than my
opponent for this.
That's what you said
to me, right mom?
That that's the trick.
Look right now,
I seriously want
to stop the fight
between you and dad,
that started 'cause of me.
I know I haven't been
able to completely
master this jutsu.
I always mess up
halfway through,
'cause I can't seem to
overpower my opponent's will.
But one time dad told me,
when he was in trouble
a long time ago,
you saved him with
mind transfer.
The jutsu, passed down
through the Yamanaka clan.
I wanna master the
mind transfer jutsu,
and make it my own,
so that I can help everybody.
Inojin.
He stopped aunt Ino.
Uncle Sai,
okay so, (whispers)
What? you mean here and now?
Well if you don't,
then this isn't going to end.
I guess you're right.
Yeah, of course I am.
It's okay now Inojin.
So what exactly happened?
All's well that
ends well I guess.
And it's thanks to your
mind transfer jutsu.
Wait what?
Anyway look at you Inojin,
you were able to
use the jutsu on me.
You said I was out of my league,
and not to bother.
Oh, well, no you did great.
I could feel the strength of
your willpower surpass mine.
It was a perfect
mind transfer jutsu.
It looks like you've
figured it all out.
Right dear?
Don't you think?
That's right.
[Ino] I was surprised.
How about you?
Yeah.
Well that ended up just great.
I'll say.
What's up?
Tomorrow, I'll treat
you to a burger.
Just like I promised you.
Awesome. Thanks.
Fries too.
Really? Wow you're so generous.
No shut up Chubs.
Uh-huh there it is.
[ Boruto] Are you serious?
Yep that's right. That's
the way the two of us
were able to end their fight,
just perfectly.
You used jutsu just for that.
Yeah Well, I mean so what right?
Cho-Cho, it's all yours.
Oh yes. I'm going
to dig right in.
Thanks.
Hey Inojin, so I heard,
that you refined your
mind transfer jutsu.
That's amazing.
So can you give us a
little demonstration?
What? No, I'm not going
to do it right here.
Come on we just want a peak.
Yeah, come on do it.
Show them,
they wanna see it.
Like I said,
I don't wanna.
Oh, don't be such a meanie.
Mind transfer Jitsu complete.
Guess she's not
gonna to get to eat
these fries after all.
Inojin?
So you switched?
Yeah I finally did it.
At last,
I'm able to overpower Cho-Cho's
strong love for fries.
Amazing.
Well, I think that's
probably enough for now.
Oh man, fries are so good.
(closing theme music)
Boruto Uzumaki,
You've committed a serious
crime unbecoming of a Shinobi.
So you've been sent
here to Hozuki Castle.
Wait, I haven't done anything.
No excuses.
Once you serve your time,
and show that you've
been rehabilitated,
you'll be free.
Until then, reflect on
and atone for your crimes.
[Boruto] Next time on
Boruto Naruto Next Generations.
The Shinobi Prison.
Hozuki castle.
[Boruto] I'm telling
you I'm not a criminal.
(closing theme music)